What do you want?
Nothing. Just broke his leg
Second sister save me
I can't let go either
Trying to break my leg
You're going too far.
Don't be delusional until you have evidence
2 million cash. I already got it
According to our bet
willing to admit defeat
Kneel down and kowtow
How to break a leg
Second sister, I was hurt by him
Of course I know you were killed by him
Because that 2 million me you'll give him
I never took a penny from your Jiang family
Don't think I don't know
The eldest sister came to you this morning and gave you 2 million
I asked you to go to Huacan Group
I didn't expect it.
You still refuse to give up
Burn our Jiang family's money
But he doesn't work for our Jiang family
He also said that this 2 million your power in this Tomie Mansion
Oh, I see.
I said where did you get 2 million
It turned out that we gave you the fake alms.
Okay, now this 2 million we'll take it back
This time you lose the bet
Presumptuous, this money is Huacan
The chairperson of the group personally gave it to the young master
You must not be rude